=head1 NAME

WebService::Microsoft::Translator - Perl wrapper for Microsoft Translator API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::Microsoft::Translator;
  my $translator = WebService::Microsoft::Translator->new(
      app_id  => $app_id,
  );
  warn $translator->translate(
      from    => $from_lang,
      to      => $to_lang,
      text    => $text,
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<WebService::Microsoft::Translator> module is a wrapper for
Microsoft Translator API.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $translator = WebService::Microsoft::Translator->new(%args)

Create a new instance of the translator interface.  It returns the
newly created object.

Following name-value pairs can be passed as options:

=over 4

=item app_id => $app_id (REQUIRED)

Bing application ID used to access to the API.

=item onerror => $code

Error handler.

=back

=item $onerror = $translator->onerror

=item $translator->onerror($onerror)

Get or set the error handler.

The error handler must be a code reference.  The code will be invoked
when some error is detected, with name-value pairs: C<message> is a
short text decribing the error; It might be a string returned by the
API.  C<type> is an optional short string describing the kind of the
error, if known.  The error handler may throw an exception, if
desired.

The default error handler C<warn>s the C<message>.

=item $translated = $translator->translate(%args)

Translate a text using the API.  The arguments must be given as
name-value pairs.

=over 4

=item C<text> => text (REQUIRED)

The input text to translate.  The value must be a (likely
utf8-flagged) string.

=item C<from> => langcode

The language of the input text, in Microsoft's language code.  This
option may be omitted for auto-detection.

=item C<to> => langcode (REQUIRED)

The destination language, in Microsoft's language code.

=back

The method returns the translated text, if available, or C<undef>,
otherwise.  The text is utf8-flagged if necessary.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Microsoft Translator Developer & Web Master Support
<http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/microsofttranslator/threads/>.

Microsoft Translator API - Frequently Asked Questions
<http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/microsofttranslator/thread/c71aeddd-cc90-4228-93cc-51fb969fde09>.

Microsoft Translator
<http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd576287.aspx>.

無償の Bing Translation APIを使用する(20110407), Takeshi Shinmura,
<http://blogs.msdn.com/b/tashinmu/archive/2011/04/07/bing-translation-api-20110407.aspx>.

=head1 DEVELOPMENT

Latest version of the module is available from the GitHub repository:
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-webservice-microsoft-translator>.

Tests are automatically run at Travis CI:
<http://travis-ci.org/wakaba/perl-webservice-microsoft-translator>.

Potentially outdated tarball distribution of the module might be
available at:
<http://wakaba.github.com/packages/perl/#WebService-Microsoft-Translator>.

=head1 AUTHOR

id:sano.

Wakaba <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2011-2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
